Remove "for vendors" in Publisher TC section (#242)
InteractiveAdvertisingBureau/GDPR-Transparency-and-Consent-Framework: TCFv2/IAB Tech Lab - Consent string and vendor list formats v2.md

Publishers may need to establish transparency and consent for a set of personal data processing purposes for their own use. For example, a publisher that wants to set a frequency-capping first-party cookie should request user consent for Purpose 1 "Store and/or access information on a device" in jurisdictions where it is required.

> The _**[Publisher TC](#publisher-purposes-transparency-and-consent)**_ segment in the TC string represents publisher purposes transparency & consent signals which is different than the other TC String segments; they are used to collect consumer purposes transparency & consent. This segment supports the standard list of purposes defined by the TCF as well as Custom Purposes defined by the publisher if they so choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _**[Publisher TC](#publisher-purposes-transparency-and-consent)**_ segment in the TC string represents the publisher's own transparency & consent signals and is separated from the general TC String segments. This segment supports the standard list of purposes defined by the TCF as well as Custom Purposes defined by the publisher if they so choose. Vendors should not rely on the _**[Publisher TC](#publisher-purposes-transparency-and-consent)**_ segment unless they're in agreement with the publisher to do so.
```
